one way you could help morale when things kind of taking term from the
worst is just is being the the kind of stoic, the stoic leader that
made that calls for that situation? Um, you need thio show a sense
of purpose, even if it's not what you personally want. You can't have
to put your feelings aside sometimes. Uh, but at the same time, one
thing you do you just check on people. How they doing after you? After
you give him bad news, you make sure you're very intent about,
uh about seeing health, folks you're doing be present. Show them that
this is mean in a weird way, showing that you know, you're not. I
mean, you're not happy about it either. Perhaps. But at the same time,
maybe don't be vocal about it that way. You know it? Yeah. You have
to stay out to see what we all have to stay out to sea. We're all
in this together, in a way, trying to two and reinforce the camaraderie
that hopefully you've been building over that particular period
of time.